docs: improve language in tuples-and-arrays section (#2875)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/tuples-and-arrays/exercise.md

What is the type of this variable?

> Use an array such as the above to write a function `transpose` that will
> transpose a matrix (turn rows into columns):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an array such as the above to write a function `transpose` that
transposes a matrix (turns rows into columns):
```
